docs: Update README.md (#452)
vegaprotocol/vega-market-sim: README.md

      - Run `python3 -m venv ./.venv`
      - Run `source ./.venv/bin/activate`
      - Run `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
      - Run `python3 -m pip install -r requirements-dev.txt`
      - If you want to run reinforcement learning, additionally run:
         - Run `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`
  - Download the binaries by running `python -m vega_sim.tools.load_binaries` within your Python environment.
 -  Run `make test` which checks all the python environment + vega imports are set up correctly, doesn't run Vega yet.

>  -  Run `make test_integration` which checks that everything is set up correctly. Takes about 5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Run `make test_integration` which checks that everything is set up correctly. This should take a bit more than 5 minutes and bit less than 30. 
```

  - Run `make` to automatically pull install dependencies
    - If you have your own instances of the various service to run from elsewhere, you can skip this step
  - Install the package into your local environment. 
    - The process for this will vary depending upon your package manager of choice. We provide here a full Poetry `pyproject.toml` and a `requirements.txt` which is derived from it. These are kept in sync through a check on all pull requests. You can [install Poetry here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation) and get everything ready by running `poetry shell` and `poetry install` (or `poetry install --all-extras` to cover all optional extras too). If installing through pip, as above you should also install `requirements-dev.txt` and optionally `requirements-learning.txt`
 -  Run `make test` which checks all the python environment + vega imports are set up correctly, doesn't run Vega yet.

>  -  Run `make test_integration` which checks that everything is set up correctly. Takes about 5 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -  Run `make test_integration` which checks that everything is set up correctly. This should take a bit more than 5 minutes and bit less than 30. 
```
